-------------------
   Scientific notes     
on the Making of the  
Automatic Wood Farm  
-------------------
By: VellStraggler       
-------------------
 In this ever-growing 
world, the desire to    
create is insatiable.    
The desire to farm,    
however, is not. But    
the need, as well, to    
industrialize is some-  

thing that I simply      
cannot set aside. In    
this cubic dimension,    
the very idea that a   
little extra effort can 
produce results a     
thousand times higher 
than of that of a       
normal person's two   
hands is sheer bliss.  
That is why I venture  
this new project, a     
machine that farms     
wood.                      

 The most difficult     
issue in this case is    
fuel, or bonemeal.      
Bonemeal can be        
gathered from a        
variety of ways, but it 
will save many           
resources to find the 
best one.                 
 Sugarcane sticks     
out, as it can be        
composted and grows  
on its own regardless 
of being harvested.    

 Bamboo,                 
unfortunately, has no 
use here.                 
 Melon slices also     
work, and are possibly
more space-efficient  
than sugarcane.        
Perhaps the entire     
world will one day run 
on melon.                 
 So, it is decided. For 
simplicity's sake, the    
wood farm will be       
directly under our     

main melon farm, and if
we feel the need for  
more emeralds,          
another will be          
constructed             
 honestly, it was        
harder just to get     
the materials than to  
construct it).            
 The next issue is     
tree planting. To my    
knowledge, this can     
only be done by hand. 
But thanks to our      

advancements in the   
field of the              
subconscious, this will 
be simplified. In a       
perfect world, it would
be entirely automatic,  
but there is no real   
way around this.        
                            
 After running a few  
tests and prototypes, 
I've learned that the  
average enclosed      
tree takes 29 bone-   

meal to grow in quick   
succession.              
Theoretically, having   
the leaves burning     
constantly would        
increase the amount   
of space and            
decrease the amount  
of bonemeal per tree. 
 I also found the      
rate at which melons   
compost into bonemeal.
960 of them take 2:23  
to create 78 bonemeal

in 3 composters, and   
so one stack of         
melons in one            
composter produces   
5.2 bonemeal in 2:23,   
or 2.18 bonemeal per  
minute. Furthermore, it 
takes 12.3 melons to   
make one bonemeal,     
which depletes in the  
tree planting machine  
every 0.2 seconds.     
 Given that a single   
bonemeal requires     

27.5 seconds to be     
made, I'd need 137      
composters just to    
keep up. That's no      
good.                      
 With the                 
tree-chopping part of
the machine, the TNT is
rather efficient. In     
2:09, it gathered 92    
wood from 24 trees,   
which garners only a  
4.2% loss rate. This is 
also gathering 0.713   

logs per second,       
which I must now        
compare to live         
chopping in our         
surface farm.           
                            
 The 25 trees take    
2:05 to chop  without   
using leaf-cutters),    
and drops 117 logs,   
that being 0.936 logs  
per second. I estimate 
it would take 70% as    
long to chop with leaf 

-cutters, but when it's 
taken into account     
that these trees must 
be replanted and       
grow on their own...     
 At the end of the     
day, the most            
important time factor  
is how much bonemeal  
we have. For now, the  
Auto Tree Farm idea   
will be put to rest, and
we'll begin collecting   
more bonemeal. I have 

a feeling that the       
bonemeal to tree ratio
in the manual farm is a
fraction of what it is   
automatically,            
especially given that   
time is a replacement  
for bonemeal.            
 It is also important   
to remember that the  
AWF does not at this   
time collect saplings,   
and as it takes 12 a   
minute, this is a bit of  

an issue. I hear that   
they may cancel our   
project altogether,    
which would be a        
shame. Of course,      
we're receiving a lot   
of funding  time) that  
could be used           
elsewhere. If we were 
to then create an AWF 
that did harvest        
saplings, perhaps the 
project could be       
allowed completion.     

