_     ---^---       _  
/    How to Make a    \
\     Rail Factory     /
~     ---v---       ~  
  By: VellStraggler    
                            
 With this machine, you
can create rails at    
will, at a nice rate of  
about 5 per second. It
does not matter what  
kind of rail, as all of   
them work.                
                            

Necessary Supplies:   
                            
2x Slime Block           
1x Sticky Piston         
1x Observer             
2x Any block             
2x Redstone             
2x Any rail               
                            
For the purpose of    
this book, we will refer
to directions on the    
page like a map          
 north, south, etc.)     

Follow this Diagram:     
       __.____           
       |\#\1\*\          
       \|\#\_\*\         
        .\|_ |2 |!_|         
                            
#: a slime block with a  
rail on top               
1: a sticky piston       
pushing west             
2: an observer looking
west                       
*: a block of choice    
with redstone on top.  

!: Finally, this is the     
initial power source, a 
lever. Flip it on, and    
then flip it off to set  
the machine running.   
It's that simple! We      
recommend flowing      
water below it to        
catch the duplicated   
rails.                      
                            
                            
Credits: found it online
idk                         

