A little, but a little      
concerning at the      
same time,                 
                            
Yeah, possibly,          
                            
It's a bit concerning,   
I'll let you deal with it  
then, because I won't  
strip-mine that,          
                            
*BOOM*                     
                            

Don't worry about it,   
just TNT goin on, It's  
like *redacted* July,   
                            
You mean, its like        
yesterday?              
                            
Yes, exactly, We didn't 
play our Valheim like   
usual, You think we     
can reschedule for    
Thursday?               
                            

Same time?                
                            
Sure, Wait, is that       
tomorrow?                
                            
Yeah,                      
                            
,,,                           
                            
Huh?                       
                            
I don't understand     
holes, David,             

I've had the worst      
luck so far with, um,    
mining for diamonds,    
                            
I believe it,               
                            
Like, I'm good at mining 
coal or iron, but        
diamonds, no, They      
just say ''*redacted*  
you, and leave me      
alone,''                    
Oh well,                    

Well, remember when I  
told you, David, keep   
floating around,         
                            
I don't remember that  
at all,                      
                            
You don't? Well, I told  
you about that, I told  
you to keep floatin',    
That means, like,         
hopping around, David, 
                            

Ok good, cause I        
remember teaching     
you that, cause         
before you didn't do   
that, It should have    
been a bit wider,        
                            
Yeah, I'm well aware,    
But I'm much better     
now, Man, my punches  
are really, really fast
after doing lightning   
pushups,                  

A little, but a little      
concerning at the      
same time,                 
                            
Yeah, possibly,          
                            
It's a bit concerning,   
I'll let you deal with it  
then, because I won't  
strip-mine that,          
                            
*BOOM*                     
                            

Don't worry about it,   
just TNT goin on, It's  
like *redacted* July,   
                            
You mean, its like        
yesterday?              
                            
Yes, exactly, We didn't 
play our Valheim like   
usual, You think we     
can reschedule for    
Thursday?               
                            

Same time?                
                            
Sure, Wait, is that       
tomorrow?                
                            
Yeah,                      
                            
,,,                           
                            
Huh?                       
                            
I don't understand     
holes, David,             

I've had the worst      
luck so far with, um,    
mining for diamonds,    
                            
I believe it,               
                            
Like, I'm good at mining 
coal or iron, but        
diamonds, no, They      
just say ''*redacted*  
you, and leave me      
alone,''                    
Oh well,                    

Well, remember when I  
told you, David, keep   
floating around,         
                            
I don't remember that  
at all,                      
                            
You don't? Well, I told  
you about that, I told  
you to keep floatin',    
That means, like,         
hopping around, David, 
                            

Ok good, cause I        
remember teaching     
you that, cause         
before you didn't do   
that, It should have    
been a bit wider,        
                            
Yeah, I'm well aware,    
But I'm much better     
now, Man, my punches  
are really, really fast
after doing lightning   
pushups,                  

