                            
                            
                            
An Ode to Nothing       
                            
By F1amingMOTH         
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

Where once there was 
nothing there now is   
something. What a sad  
thing to see a book's  
perfectly black pages 
become marred by the 
black lines of            
literature.                
                            
But something is         
better than nothing.    
                            
Right?                     
                            

Or is nothing better    
than something?         
                            
The hopless would      
ask.                        
                            
To have nothing         
rather than pain?      
                            
To have nothing         
rather than joy?       
                            
                            
                            

Pain and joy.            
Something and Nothing. 
                            
Each exsist within the  
other.                     
                            
You can't have nothing
without there being     
something.                
                            
There is no joy that   
isn't the reward of     
going through pain.     
                            

So is this really the    
Ode to Nothing?         
                            
Or is it the Ode to      
Something?               
                            
An Ode to Everything? 
                            
An Ode to Exsistance? 
                            
An Ode to Hope?        
                            
                            
                            

For if one knows        
nothing than then can 
have hope that there  
is something.             
                            
And if one know pain,   
and feels there is no  
joy. They must take    
hope, for you can't    
have one side of the  
coin without the other. 
                            
                            
                            

And so this must be an
Ode to Hope.             
                            
Hope for somethig      
good to come from     
nothing.                   
                            
Hope that something    
joyous can come from
the pain of nothing.    
                            
Hope. For there is      
always something.       
                            

For you can't have     
nothing without there  
being something.         
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
See. You turned these 
pages for hope.        
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
And now you have      
found something.        
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
Keep Hope.               
                            

