Prototypes Random     
Anime Thoughts          
                            
Disclaimer: You won't   
understand 70% of     
this book without the   
aid of Google or        
YouTube. Read at your
own risk.                  
                            
Let's get started.       
                            
                            
                            

JoJos Bizzare           
Adventure Stuff        
___________________
Stands that I want:     
King Crimson- I like     
the name, the color    
and sound effects     
are awesome, the       
ability suits me in the  
sense that I'm           
impatient and feel that 
a large percent of     
conversations can be 
skipped. My #1 choice. 

Weather Report- Cool 
design, super creative
and versatile ability.   
Being able to            
LITERALLY control     
everything weather    
related. You want it to 
rain poison frogs?     
Sure things. Precise   
manipulation of gasses
and liquids? Totally.    
You want anybody who 
sees a rainbow to      
turn into a snail? K.    

Wonder of You-         
Unlimited range, auto   
activation on anyone   
who wants to locate,   
hurt, or even have     
dangerous thoughts   
about you. Not to       
mention, the stand is   
dressed very well. It's
got a bowl hat and an 
ascot.                     
A.god.damn.ascot.        
Freakin rad. And the   
actual power of --->  

the stand itself is      
weird and random! It   
just curses the        
target with terrible    
luck, but the results   
of that bad luck are   
drastically increased. 
Bump your hip on the  
doorway? Boom!         
shattered hip. Step on 
a patch of water?      
Your going to slip and 
get paralyzed. It's     
ruthless. NEXT STAND! 

Hey-Ya                    
This incredibly derpy  
little stand is great.    
It's very supportive,   
and it gives the user  
AMAZINGLY GOOD LUCK. 
Unfathomably good     
luck.                       
What if I told you that 
EVERYTHING you do     
for the next 3 months 
will be absolutely       
successful? Sounds   
pretty nice to me.       

White Album-This stand
fuctions as a suit of   
armor, with a neat      
ability. It can pretty   
much freeze anything 
aroud it. It can create
winds cold enough to  
freeze a moving car   
like a block of ice. It   
can freeze the         
exhaust gas from the 
car into a solid         
substance. It can       
freeze the --->        

ground, and propell    
it's user like high       
speed ice skates. Not  
to mention that the     
''armor'' itself is         
beyond bulletproof.    
Additionally, it can      
freeze entire bodies  
of water in an instant. 
I just think it's cool.   
In every sense of the
word.                      
                            
                            

Peral Jam- One of the 
strangest Stands in    
the story. Peral Jam   
needs to be served    
and consumed in a      
high quality food.       
Upon eating the food,  
whatever bennefits of 
that food become       
violently improved.      
This one dish helps    
cleanse your liver?    
You are going to        
graphically throw --> 

up your intestines,     
and grow new ones, in 
peak health and         
condition in an instant. 
You've got a cavity?   
Your tooth will dig      
itself out, and fly out  
of your mouth like a   
bullet- and be           
replaced by a new     
healthy tooth. Lots of 
other examples in the 
anime. It's just an      
interesting Stand.       

Heavens Door- Pretty 
helpful stand. Not      
super powerful or     
dangerous, but offers
many different          
oppertunities. Heavens
Door can read people 
like books. Learn their
secrets, see what      
knowledge they hold.   
It can also write and  
erase things in their   
''books''. You can find  
your friend and -->   

write ''I can speak      
every language'', and  
they will. Just like that.
                            
You could give people 
perfect ideas and      
codes to live by, ''I will
always ensure that I  
have perfect teeth''.   
Wish sombody would    
have used that one on
me while growing up.    
Or you can use it for 
financial gain!            

Dirty Deads Done Dirt  
Cheap  Or just D4C)-  
D4C can travel          
parallel dimensions.    
You simply need to     
cover yourself under 
a blanket type of       
object, completly       
hiding yourself from   
the outside world.      
Then you can slip into 
other dimensions, and  
do as you'd like. You   
can talk to other -->  

versions of yourself, 
instantly share all the
knowledge you have,   
plan things, but no     
objects taken will      
return with you to      
your own reality. Only 
people, or different   
versions of those      
people. But if anyone  
besides YOU meets an  
alternate version of   
themselves, they'll die. 
NEXT SECTION OF BOOK!

Attack on Titan          
___________________
Short section. Of the  
9 Titans, the one that  
I want the most in the  
Colossal Titan.           
Something about         
soaring into the sky,   
turning into a blinding 
yellow light, then        
effectivly nuking the   
area speaks to my     
soul.                       
                            

Favorite character in 
the show is & always   
has been Reiner. Very 
early on in the show,  
Reiner is described    
with ''The mind and      
constitution of a        
grass fed Ox''. Dude   
was so reliable and    
effective. And then it  
turned out that he     
was a freakin            
traitor/spy the entire 
time? He was like me to 

a certain degree. And 
when it makes it home,  
he's just too tired of 
life to even entertain  
the possability of       
going back to the       
island.                     
And he continues       
living, regrets his      
actions, wants to        
accept his mistakes    
and either die, or be   
forgiven. Dude has a  
crazy arc.               

My Hero Academia       
___________________
Honest opinion- mha is 
mid. It's so overhyped, 
I almost want to hate  
it. People praise it as  
if it's perfect, despite 
how inconsistent and   
cliche it is. And people 
praise Midoriya as if   
he's the most            
revolutionary           
character in history.  
It took him 4 seasons  

to get interesting. He  
was a shitty              
character before      
things started getting 
real. And the            
community behind MHA!  
Good lord, it's           
horrible! The vast      
majority of MHA fans  
are just horny twats  
obsessed with two 15  
yr old dudes having a 
terrible relationship.   
Have some standards. 

Oh and the movies! My  
god, each MHA movie is 
worse than the last!   
The last one, the       
''World Heros'' one. It  
may have been the     
worst piece of cinema 
that I've seen in the   
past decade. The final 
40 minutes are          
especially hard to      
watch. Nothing but      
mindless, inconsistent  
fan service and        

cheap emotional ploys. 
It's a cop-out for      
gods sake! And so      
many random outfits   
and characters, that  
were clearly only      
created to market      
more action figures    
and shit! Ohhhhh it      
makes me mad just     
thinking about it. We    
gotta get to the next  
topic before my mind   
makes Inky cry.         

Favorite Animes & why 
they are great- in no 
order                     
___________________
                            
Vinland Saga: Great    
story, good take on    
the revenge cliche.    
Awesome fight scenes, 
and the show gets      
super philisophical. It' 
got some REAL life      
lessons in there too.  
Very well balanced.    

Parastye The Maxim:    
This story has aged   
like fine wine. It tells a
great story about      
change, one's own      
humanity, and it gets   
super deep at times!   
Quite the emotional     
ending too. Really       
punches me in the      
heart like no other     
show has before.       
                            
                            

Death Note: Pretty      
simple. It's a fantasic  
show. I LOVE a good    
game of cat & mouse.  
Light and L's back and
forth was so well       
presented!               
And I LOOOVVVEE a     
story that makes you  
question your own      
morals. Who is right in 
this situation? To what 
end? Are the right     
intentions justify       

Light's extream          
decisions? MMMmMMmMm. 
so good. AND THE       
SOUNDTRACK. Good      
lord, this show knows  
how crazy it is, and    
they OWN it. Very        
entertaining. Just       
listening to L's theme  
makes me feel           
smarter. And you       
better BELIEVE that    
I'd be on Light's side.  
                            

Fullmetal Alchemist      
___________________
The story has a bit of
filler here and there, 
but the plot is simply   
amazing. They explore 
so much of the world.  
Having the 7 Sins as   
homunculus was an     
incredible idea. Out of 
the 7 sins, I think the  
two main that I           
''suffer'' from is        
Greed and Pride.        

I think they suit me.    
Though in the show, my
favorite of the 7 is    
easily Wrath. King       
Bradley is probably    
my favorite character
in the show. His          
morals, his ideals,       
even the voice actor  
in the dub is TOP TIER. 
                            
The show has            
fantastic monologues  
in general. I am         

watching the final       
episode of FMA as I'm  
writing this. And gosh  
DANGIT it angers me    
how subpar most        
animes are compared  
to Fullmetal. The first  
Fullmetal Alchemist was
made in 2003, and it    
was amazing. Then the 
2009 version            
released, and it was   
even better! Still so    
popular! Love it.        

JuJutsu Kaisen          
___________________
Top tier worldbuilding, 
fantastic animation,     
awesome rock           
soundtrack, great      
villains, and SO MANY   
TWISTS. Not to mention 
how versitile the        
''curse techniques''     
are. And the JuJutsu  
Kaisen 0 movie was so 
good! It broke so       
many records upon    

release! All the fight   
scenes are awesome,  
the story has a really
emotional ending, it     
just gave the fans    
exactly what they      
wanted. As time has     
gone on, Lycan has    
contracted               
second-hand JJK fan 
syndrom. Due to how   
much I've watched,      
he's quite well           
informed!                 

___________________
___________________
This is the end of the 
book. If you actually   
read this whole thing,  
I salute you. I can't    
imagine this was super 
easy to follow, so well 
done.                      
Uhhhhhh not sure      
what the next book will
be about. I'm open to   
reccomendations.       
Yeah. Ok love you bye! 

