  -=: SpiderWire :=-    
  .By: VellStraggler.   
                            
Chapters:                 
1 - Introduction        
2 - Applications         
3 - How to Make it      
                            
Foreword: I highly      
recommend this book   
to any beginner or     
intermediate redstone 
engineers.                
                            

      - Chap. 1 -        
     Introduction       
                            
 Since the dawn of    
redstone engineering, 
redstone wires have   
been the primary way  
of sending signals      
across long             
distances. Yes, other  
methods have been     
created, such as       
observer lines, sticky 
piston lines, and even 

minecarts. Redstone    
wires are faster than 
all of these, but with a
limitation. Redstone     
wires cannot take a    
signal along forever.  
They have a limited     
radius, making it         
necessary to repeat  
the signal. The easiest
way to do this is... well, 
repeaters.               
 An RS  Redstone      
signal) has a reach of

12 blocks. Then you    
add a repeater, and   
the spot after that    
has a signal strength 
of 12 again. Keep in    
mind also that while a  
signal over wire        
travels immediately     
from one end to the   
other, a repeater      
brings with it a          
latency of about 0.2   
seconds. And so for   
every 13 blocks a      

signal must travel, the 
endpoint reception is  
delayed by those 0.2  
seconds, or 65 blocks 
per second  BPS).      
 This is fine for most 
designs. However, we   
here at the Bellayori  
Engineering Institution 
are impatient and       
evermore eager to     
improve.                   
 So, two studies were 
done, with the goal of  

increasing signal       
speed past 65 BPS.     
The first was a         
magnificent success,   
and the second was    
more of a footnote.    
 The Footnote:          
redstone can send a  
signal through a block
without any additional  
loss of range. The     
catch is that it needs  
a repeater on one     
side of this block. We  

tested this, and found 
that the place where  
you would put a         
repeater could be     
replaced by what we   
call a ''shelved          
repeater''. For this     
simple device, you      
need only place a      
block, a repeater, and 
another block, and     
then continue the       
signal, as shown in the
following diagram:       

                            
  . . . . . []>>[] . . . . .    
  []: a block             
  >>: a repeater        
  . .: redstone wire     
                            
 By implementing this,  
you lengthen the       
radius of your signal  
by 2, for a total of    
15.                         
 Great news, right?    
That's a 15% increase, 
and even cheaper      

to produce than        
before. With this, we    
can send signals at a 
speed of 75 BPS!       
 This does have its    
merits, but it pales in  
comparison to the      
results of our first   
study.                     
 You are familiar with 
string, yes? Half the   
remnants of any given
spider? And of          
course you've heard  

of tripwire, which is    
made of said string?   
How wide can a          
tripwire be made? 5    
blocks? 10? 20? Well,  
we learned a while ago
that you can make a   
tripwire that is 42      
blocks long, including  
the hooks. The signal  
it gives extends past  
the blocks the hooks  
are on, bringing on a  
signal radius of 44.    

 Now that's a large    
number. The only       
issue is that tripwires 
are set off by things, 
which we at first        
determined to mean     
only creatures or     
dropped items. A        
prototype was made    
which strung together 
tripwires with            
dispensers full of      
items that each          
triggered the next     

wire, but already that 
would mean the          
dispensers would       
need refilling.           
Redstone is not meant 
to have upkeep costs, 
so even if this was     
faster than              
repeaters, it would     
never be worth it.      
 But, in our recent    
first study, we          
realized something...    
minecarts trigger       

tripwires too.            
 We began modelling   
at once. Quickly, we     
made a design that     
triggered strings of   
tripwire together by   
having each push a    
minecart into the next. 
Issues were quickly    
sorted out, and all of 
the sudden, 44 blocks 
in 0.2 seconds was a   
reality.                    
 The design was        

quickly made more      
elegant. In no world    
could this be cheaper 
than a few repeaters, 
but we could get        
close. Originally, the   
piston pushed the      
minecart up, and then  
it would fall down       
slowly, meaning the     
signal would turn off  
very slowly, so we      
wrapped it in slime      
blocks to pull it on the

way down as well. This 
sped it up some, but    
we could do better.    
 To prevent the slime 
blocks from wrecking  
the tripwire, the         
minecart would be      
placed *between* them,
half in one block, half 
in the other. We also   
crammed the minecart  
under a half slab for 
complete control, but  
with flooring on both   

blocks to prevent the 
cart from squeezing   
through the slime       
under it.                  
 Unfortunately,         
though this did          
decrease the            
signal-off time, it was  
still slower to turn     
off than a string of   
repeaters. Tripwire    
hooks activate          
immediately, but take    
the time of a button to

deactivate. Maybe one 
day, we'll solve that    
issue, but the list of   
applications for our   
new signal-on is still   
lengthy.                   
 For each pair of     
tripwire hooks, a        
piston must be           
activated, which runs  
at 0.2 seconds. At      
each repeat station,   
these hook ends        
cannot be on the same

block, or else the      
piston will remain        
turned on by its own   
minecart. We set the    
tripwire hooks to be   
on blocks side by side,
meaning the signal,     
with 40 meters of wire 
and 4 meters of hook  
and block, would        
travel at 220 BPS. But 
even this is not the    
max. You see, by        
taking full advantage  

of the redstone that  
has to power the       
pistons, we can max    
out that redstone and 
place the hook ends a 
full 12 blocks apart.   
This alternating         
tripwire-redstone      
design, aptly named    
SpiderWire, sends       
signals at a rate of    
260 BPS, or 247%       
faster than traditional
repeaters.               

 But at what cost?     
Let us compare:         
                            
Repeaters per 260m:   
17.3x repeaters        
209x redstone          
34x blocks               
3.46 seconds            
                            
 All in all, not bad. But
17 repeaters make up 
51 additional stone     
and 34 more redstone.
                            

SpiderWire per 260m:   
200x string              
60x redstone            
10x tripwire hook       
5x sticky piston         
15x slime block          
5x boat                   
 cheaper than carts) 
12.5x blocks             
 using half slabs)     
1 second                 
                            
 In both statistic       
sets, ground blocks    

were not included      
 primarily because we 
live underground).     
Really, we should       
include blocks mined:   
      520 vs. 650       
So, demolition time and 
construction costs     
both increase for      
SpiderWire. But if made
*above* ground, block 
count is the same. It's 
really the slime that's 
the issue, especially   

given that it is in        
short supply in         
Bellayori. In fact,       
about every 2 meters 
requires a slimeball.   
That's expensive!       
 But who even asked  
for faster redstone   
to begin with? What     
would make it worth it  
to send a signal 3.5    
times faster at 10      
times the cost?  And   
yes, I do think slime is 

20 times more valuable
than redstone, at       
least presently)        
 Well, that brings us   
to what really is the   
heart and soul of      
Bellayori.                 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

      - Chap. 2 -        
      Applications       
                            
 To your average     
engineer, faster        
redstone might not     
mean much. Either we   
need a door that       
opens immediately but  
is near the signal      
source, or we want to 
light up a hallway       
when the sun goes     
down. But here at the  

Bellayori Engineering  
Institute, we enjoy     
thinking up so much    
more.                      
1. Instant defenses.   
 Oh no! A raid has     
begun. Time to activate
our lava moat and      
close our doors on    
all ends of the          
premises. Nothing will   
get in. Nothing will       
survive.                   
                            

2. The Control Room.   
 Long have we          
thought of making all   
machines in Bellayori   
automatic, with a single
room of buttons and   
levers to control it    
all. From here, we       
could turn on and off 
anything in the whole  
country in less than a
second.                   
3. Material retrieval.   
 Our storage is        

composed of 3 dozen  
boxes, most of which   
are sitting in our       
lobby. Expansion is     
inevitable. But imagine  
one day you just want
all the materials for a 
certain item              
immediately, and item    
which takes up lots of 
space. Perhaps, a bed 
or a cake. Imagine a   
touch of a button, and
all the sudden you     

have 3 wood and 3     
wool. Immediately. And  
a sudden appearance 
of a crafting bench.   
This is far less for    
efficiency and far     
more because that's   
just freaking cool.     
4. CALCULATOR.          
 Yes, we have           
designed a calculator 
before. All it did was   
add 1 to a max of 10,  
but it was still cool.    

It was also slow. You   
would press the add   
button only to wait 3   
seconds for the        
number to update. 3    
seconds?? Abominable.
We could fix that. It    
would take 2 acres,    
but we could fix it.      
5. Off-limits Doors.     
 It would be so much  
fun to create a door  
that closes before     
you can get to it, no   

matter how fast you   
can run or fly or      
teleport. Only a         
special key or time     
could keep it open.     
Imagine that.             
6. Stasis chamber       
chain.                      
 We all know about     
stasis chambers  if    
you don't, please read
my book, How to Make a
Stasis Chamber), but   
imagine you wanted to  

get back home quickly, 
but didn't have a        
chunk loader            
 because they were    
banned from the face 
of the earth). Instead,
you'd set up several  
stasis chambers along
your way, and once    
you're done, a press  
of a button and a few 
seconds later, you're 
back home. Granted,    
this would take a LOT  

of pearls.                
7. Lag Reduction.        
 You heard me.         
Redstone wire actually
produces most of the 
computational or        
server lag in a         
machine, so by           
replacing it with string
and a small number of 
pistons, you actually   
help the cause of      
reducing lag!            
8. Sending a Message.  

 If you want to know  
when something is       
done the moment it's    
done, like all your      
glass cooking or a     
box being full or       
daytime occuring,       
SpiderWire can help.   
As Bellayori expands,  
we will still want         
everything to be as    
accessible as           
possible, including      
pings from machines.   

9. Hiding the Evidence. 
 This is similar to the 
not-so-shy door from
number 5. Say that we 
want a number of       
rooms to be closed    
when a guest arrives. 
Perhaps we enjoy an  
open-concept area,    
but in the blink of an  
eye, it could all just   
disappear. Likely, we'll 
never need this, but   
you never know.        

10. Universal Time.      
 This is similar to the 
calculator. Everyone  
knows how to make a   
clock, but not            
everyone knows how   
to make a grid of       
clock faces that are  
all connected to one   
main computer. This     
would increase the     
grandioseness of      
Bellayori, and let you  
know just what time it  

is. I'm thinking a full on
digit would look the     
coolest, with one at    
each side of the        
country.                  
11. A Video game.        
 This concept is new  
to people in this world.
No one has EVER        
played a video game,   
nor have they seen a 
video screen. Such     
devices take acres of 
hidden-away land, but 

they would be such a  
joy, and would          
perhaps bring more    
visitors  we are very  
lonely).                    
 Granted, we don't     
really have the         
patience to make one  
of these, nor the skill. 
Something to think of   
down the road, I        
suppose.                  
                            
                            

 Remember, we don't   
believe in ''good         
enough''. We have a     
higher standard here, 
and we have a lifetime 
to hone that standard.
That's what Moth said.  
This world is forever. 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

      - Chap. 3 -        
    How to Make it      
                            
 Did you really think  
I'd put instructions on 
page FORTY?? No no,   
to make SpiderWire,     
simply hire me,           
VellStraggler,           
engineer, mechanic,     
and inventor. I would  
be happy to hear       
about other              
applications of this     

design, so if you have 
any, please share!!     
 Thank you very       
much for reading this, 
despite us living in     
what could only be     
called a virtual         
reality. I hope you     
enjoyed reading as    
much as I enjoyed     
writing  doubtful).       
                            
                            
      - The End -       

