                            
                            
          THE             
                            
     EQUESTRIAN        
                            
     COLLECTION        
                            
                            
Flaming_Moth's           
Collection of Horses   
                            
As bred or naturally  
spawned. or Undead.   

TABLE OF CONTENTS    
                            
C1: Equus Albus - 3    
C2: Buckskin Broncos  
                   - 10   
C3: Flaxen Chestnuts  
                   - 20   
C4: Bay Ponies  - 27   
C5: Black Beauties      
                   - 34   
C6: Dark Side of the    
    Bays         - 40   
C7: Gray Greys - 48   
C8: Undead Rides - 54 

                            
Chapter 1               
                            
Equus Albus             
                            
We start here           
because the first      
horse ever bred by   
Moth was one with a    
white coat. Born from  
buckskin parents, he   
fanned the flame of    
the need to collect     
them all. Pokemon!       

Lucky                     
                            
Painted White             
                            
Parents:                  
Sureshot & Turkish    
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 17               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 24              
                            
First horse ever       
bred.                      

Bleached Knees         
                            
White Blaze & Socks    
                            
Parents:                  
Sureshot & Lucky      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 19               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 23              
                            
Born in the Rain         
                            

Frostbite                 
                            
White Blaze & Socks    
                            
Parents:                  
Lucky & Bleached       
Knees                     
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 21               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 22              
                            
Parents pick by Proto 

Pheonix                   
                            
Sooty White               
                            
Parents:                  
Bleached Knees &      
Sooty Soot               
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 21               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 21              
                            
                            

Spinnie                    
                            
Blank White               
                            
Parents:                  
Frostbite & Whiskey    
Dhiver                     
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 24               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 20              
                            
                            

Gingerbliz                
                            
White Snowflake         
                            
Parents:                  
Unknown.                  
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 23               
Jump - 8                  
Hearts - 23              
                            
Born in a moment of    
Chaos.                     

                            
  Chapter 2             
                            
Buckskin Broncos       
                            
The orginal herd that 
Moth found on South   
Amstaud was made up  
of buckskin horses.    
These horses are the 
projenitors of the     
entire collection herd. 
                            
                            

Turkish                   
                            
Painted Buckskin        
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 21               
Jump - 8                  
Hearts - 27              
                            
First horse tamed by  
Flaming Moth. Part of   
the first herd.          

Sureshot                 
                            
Buckskin Blaze & Sock 
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 21               
Jump - 8                  
Hearts - 20              
                            
Named after Moth's     
grandpa's horse.       
Spawned with the first.

Braken                    
                            
Sooty Buckskin          
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 20               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 20              
                            
Found him in a hole     
with an iron golem that
killed Junior Ravenger

Seongwu                  
                            
Painted Buckskin        
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 23               
Jump - 8                  
Hearts - 25              
                            
Spawned with the 1st   
herd.                      
                            

Latidahd                  
                            
Sooty Buckskin          
                            
Parents:                  
Sureshot & Seongwu   
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 22               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 28              
                            
                            
                            

Sprinkles                 
                            
Sooty Buckskin          
                            
Parents:                  
Seongwu & Latidahd    
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 21               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 25              
                            
                            
                            

Killza                      
                            
Sooty Buckskin          
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 23               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 26              
                            
Almost killed him. Last  
of the duplicates.       
                            

Dusty Drawers          
                            
Buckskin Snowflake     
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 23               
Jump - 8                  
Hearts - 25              
                            
Bleached Knees'        
Lover                     
                            

Jumpy Conundrum       
                            
Blank Buckskin           
                            
Parents: Whiskey        
Dhiver & Killza           
                            
Stats                      
Speed -  23              
Jump -  7                 
Hearts - 23              
                            
Avoided death by me,   
creeper, & a spider.   

                            
  Chapter 3             
                            
Flaxen Chestnuts       
                            
Will not use the full    
name of their color    
again. Moth found all   
these horses            
naturally spawned.     
Which is great cause   
they are her least     
fav variants. No        
babies for them!        

Burnt Toast              
                            
Sooty Chestnut          
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 21               
Jump - 8                  
Hearts - 22              
                            
                            
                            
                            

Buttercup                
                            
Chestnut Blaze & Sock 
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 20               
Jump - 5                  
Hearts - 22              
                            
Not a female.             
                            
                            

Peacock                  
                            
Blank Chestnut          
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 19               
Jump - 5                  
Hearts - 24              
                            
                            
                            
                            

Wanderer                 
                            
Chestnut Snowflake    
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 12               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 26              
                            
Got lost on the way    
home. Found him later. 
Traveler's Twin.         

Traveler                 
                            
Chestnut Snowflake    
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 25               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 18              
                            
Wanderer's twin         
                            
                            

Last                       
                            
Painted Chestnut        
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 26               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 26              
                            
Named so cause she   
was the last needed & 
found of the Chestnut 

                            
  Chapter 4             
                            
Bay Ponies               
                            
This was actually the  
last color that Moth    
collected. The first    
Bay pony was bred     
and came as a           
surprise since it is     
unusual to get a baby 
that doesn't match the 
parents. Happy Day!    

Greco                     
                            
Bay Blaze & Sock       
                            
Parents:                  
Sureshot & Unknown   
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 19               
Jump - 8                  
Hearts - 23              
                            
Parentage lost to      
book bug.                 

Stud                       
                            
Blank Bay                 
                            
Parents: Unknown       
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 22               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 24              
                            
Parentage lost to      
book bug. Stud cause  
he got used A LOT      

Meuldii                     
                            
Painted Bay              
                            
Parents:                  
Unknown                  
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 24               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 22              
                            
Parentage lost to      
book bug.                 

Django                    
                            
Sooty Bay                
                            
Parents:                  
Killza & Stud             
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 22               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 25              
                            
Named by Vell            
                            

Verdant Babe            
                            
Bay Snowflake           
                            
Parents: Dusty          
Drawers & Stud         
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 23               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 24              
                            
                            
                            

Survivour                
                            
Blank Bay                 
                            
Parents: Stud & Dusty 
Drawers                  
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 21               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 23              
                            
Survived a Zombie      
Apoco. Earned Life.    

                            
  Chapter 5             
                            
Black Beauties           
                            
Moth's favorite color  
of horse to run into   
in the wild. These       
gorgeous horses are 
the stuf of childhood  
dreams and              
nightmares.               
                            
                            

Headlights                
                            
Black Snowflake         
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 20               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 25              
                            
                            
                            
                            

Sooty Soot               
                            
Sooty Black              
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 24               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 25              
                            
                            
                            
                            

Woc                        
                            
Painted Black            
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 25               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 22              
                            
Cow but backwards     
                            
                            

Filigree                   
                            
Black Blaze & Sock     
                            
Parents:                  
Headlights & Frostbite 
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 19               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 23              
                            
                            
                            

Lickorish                 
                            
Blank Black               
                            
Parents:                  
Headlights & Spinnie    
                            
stats                      
Speed - 24               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 22              
                            
                            
                            

                            
Chapter 6               
                            
Dark Side of the Bays 
                            
These horses are      
rich in color and in    
spirit. They blend in    
with two differnet       
colors and make you   
question you morals.   
Beware.                   
                            
                            

OreoShak'n'Bakon       
                            
Painted Dark Bay       
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 17               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 25              
                            
                            
                            
                            

Slate                      
                            
Blank Dark Bay          
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 20               
Jump - 8                  
Hearts - 21              
                            
                            
                            
                            

Volcanoo                 
                            
Sooty Dark Bay         
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed  - 20              
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 24              
                            
                            
                            
                            

Whiskey Dhiver          
                            
Blank Dark Bay          
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 25               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 21              
                            
                            
                            
                            

Sleep Cloud              
                            
Painted Dark Bay       
                            
Naturally Spawned      
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 26               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 27              
                            
                            
                            
                            

Mahogany                 
                            
Dark Bay Snowflake    
                            
Parents: Thursday &   
Whiskey Dhiver          
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 25               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 20              
                            
                            
                            

Omega                     
                            
Dark Bay Blaze & Sock
                            
Parents: Diolectric & I 
forgot the other       
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 25               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 21              
                            
                            
                            

                            
                            
  Chapter 7             
                            
Grey Gray, Gray Grey 
                            
Moth's favorite color  
of horse. There are   
always magical. But     
also ditzy as all get   
out. Will suffocate in   
walls. Good grief. Best 
bois.                       
                            

Thursday                 
                            
Grey Snowflake         
                            
Parents: Frostbite &   
Whiskey Dhiver          
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 21               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 22              
                            
Born on a Thursday.   
Was a miracle.           

Diolectric                 
                            
Gray Blaze & Sock      
                            
Parents: Thursday &   
Whiskey Dhiver          
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 24               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 19              
                            
Don't look too hard at 
her parents.             

Silver Lining             
                            
Painted Grey             
                            
Parents: Last &         
Diolectirc                 
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 24               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 19              
                            
Bruh is the exact       
same as Diolectric.     

Murder                    
                            
Blank Gray               
                            
Parents: Diolectric &   
Whiskey Shiver          
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 25               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 19              
                            
Named after mountain  
she was born by.       

Scud Kirin                
                            
Sooty Grey               
                            
Parents: Thursday &   
Sooty Soot               
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 23               
Jump - 6                  
Hearts - 25              
                            
Born in thunder storm.
The last & the best.    

                            
                            
  Chapter 8             
                            
Undead Rides            
                            
Horses defying death. 
Or maybe they are     
spawns of black magic.
                            
Special thanks to       
VellStraggler who      
gave me the skeleton  
horse.                     

Vell                        
                            
Skeleton Horse          
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 20               
Jump - 5                  
Hearts - 15              
                            
Given to me by           
VellStaggler. Is         
thought to have         
spawned near the      
beginning of Zamdaskin

Straggler                
                            
Zombie horse            
                            
Stats                      
Speed - 20               
Jump - 7                  
Hearts - 15              
                            
Birthed from am egg   
for there is no other 
way.  Unrideable.        
                            
                            

                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
And that is the end of 
the collection.           
                            
Thanks for reading.    
                            
                            
                            
                            

