                            
      The Search       
           for            
       - Zelgius -       
                            
   by: VellStraggler   
                            
Chapter 1:                
 While this world has  
no end of friendly     
people, it seems that   
this time around we've 
all seemed to go our   
separate ways. All      

settlements are         
scattered apart by    
the thousands. Proto  
and I are the closest 
things to neighbors,    
being over 1200        
blocks  or 1 mile)       
away from each other.
I do not yet know       
where everyone else  
resides, but once I am 
properly settled, I     
shall make my way      
around. However,       

there is one that shall
elude me for quite a   
long time.                 
                            
 Zelgius has chosen  
the route of extreme  
exclusivity; the life of 
a complete hermit. He  
travelled over 8 miles 
away from our          
once-shared            
spawnpoint. He was the
first to shout           
greeting to me in this  

world, but I could not  
discover from which   
direction his voice      
derived. As he was     
thusly determined not 
to be found, I was      
inspired to be just as 
determined to find him. 
Thus begins my          
search for Zelgius     
the Hermit.                
                            
                            
                            

Chapter 2:                
 There is very little   
that I know for sure   
about where Zelgius   
travelled. Here it is:    
                            
1. He is over 10,000    
blocks away.             
2. He saw his FIRST     
iceberg very near his 
new home.                 
                            
That is it. Conjecture  
provides a more solid 

idea, but one that will  
remain uncertain until 
more information is     
discovered, or until I  
find the man's place    
itself.                      
 I believe that, given  
the very great length 
Zel has taken, he did   
not go in a diagonal    
direction. He wouldn't  
need to, for who would
travel 10,000 blocks   
without assurance      

they would               
successfully find him? 
No, Zelgius travelled   
in a straight path,      
meaning either north,  
south, east, or west.   
If I were to try every
path and return, that  
is 80,000 blocks, or 67
miles. On foot or by    
boat, this would be no 
small feat at all, but a 
massive waste of time. 
I would try taking the  

same route via Nether 
portals, but our        
supreme being Moth    
has forbidden travel  
in that place.            
 But there is            
something else I        
discovered. Moth, who  
travelled west,          
discovered a sea of   
icebergs only 300      
blocks from spawn.     
Zelgius saw icebergs  
much later, and is not 

sneaky enough to      
have lied about it,      
just as he wasn't       
sneaky enough to go  
in a diagonal direction.
So, he did not go west. 
This leaves only 3      
directions, which is     
still a 50 mile maximum  
trip to find him. I        
decided then to go to  
the world spawn to     
find out which path     
would be the most      

obvious path to take.  
                            
Chapter 3:                
 Walking into spawn, I  
discovered that this   
idea was in vain. The   
world spawn is a        
sprawl of forest.       
There are no great    
landmarks in immediate 
view, though there is a
great mountain just    
north of those trees, 
across from a shallow

lake. I suppose then   
that he didn't go        
north, but I know he   
determined which        
direction he'd go first.
He did not try to        
explore, for that       
would detract from his
plan.                       
 Then I looked at the 
potential coord         
change of each         
direction. Going south  
would give a negative  

change in latitude,      
while going east or     
north would give a     
positive change in      
longitude or latitude   
respectively. Now look 
at this:                    
             |              
  -10000  |  10000     
             |              
 If you wanted to get 
as far from everyone 
as possible, which      
number would you      

shoot for?               
 I believe Zelgius      
travelled in a positive 
direction. Again, he is  
not so sneaky. He      
wants results. So, the 
most likely direction    
that Zelgius took is     
east, for a positive    
longitude of 10,000     
blocks. But until the    
Nether is opened, I     
cannot be sure         
enough of anything.    

Chapter 4:                
 Many days have       
passed by. I have      
been patient, and now  
the Nether has been   
opened to us all.        
However, I am still not 
ready for such a      
journey. I recently    
offered Zelgius an     
alliance, but he said    
his acceptance is       
conditional upon me    
finding his base.        

 Even with the Nether 
opened, without a 100%
assurance he went     
east, I still may have   
to travel 7 or so miles
through the Nether's  
dense, rocky, and      
extremely dangerous  
terrain.                   
 Additionally, tragedy 
has struck the people 
of this world. On the   
day the Nether was    
opened, many people,  

myself included, died   
swift and terrible       
deaths. In my first     
death, I lost all of my  
precious belongings,   
including enchanted    
diamond armor,          
enchanted diamond     
tools, and the           
greatest sword ever  
made. Upon               
resurrection, I found 
myself without enough 
diamonds to replace   

these things. I must    
put Zelgius on the      
backburner as I try   
to get back to where I
was in this world.       
                            
Chapter 5:                
 IT'S HAPPENED! HE     
HAS REVEALED HIS      
LOCATION! In the        
lateness of the night,  
Zelgius told me that    
his Nether longitude   
was 1240. This is        

all I needed to know!   
He went east, and now 
with that certainty,     
there's been a change
in plans. Once more, I  
shall delay the trip,    
for there is something
else to be done that   
will take far longer. I  
intend to connect us   
with an ice road, the   
longest ever made.     
 In a previous world, 
the longest road       

ever constructed was 
900 blocks in length,   
and of course made   
of ice, and of course  
made in the Nether.     
This one would only    
need to be 33%          
longer. So, the next    
order of business is  
to obtain a pickaxe     
enchanted with silk     
touch. I will need        
about 20 stacks of     
packed ice. I also wish 

to become more         
financially stable in    
order to afford this.  
You see, the way that  
I replaced all my old   
armor and tools was   
not from excessive    
mining for diamonds. It 
was through trade.     
From past lives, I know
that villagers of        
certain trades offer  
diamond gear, and I    
knew it would be both  

faster and less         
expensive to expand   
my town's population   
and train a blacksmith 
and toolsmith rather   
than to go mining for  
hours.                     
 In fact, it only took  
me 2 to get all my       
gear back. Mining is    
very nearly a thing of
the past in Bellayu.     
 So, I shall go the     
icebergs in the west,   

and gather those 20   
stacks of packed ice,  
and then I shall build  
the longest road in    
history.                   
                            
Chapter 6:                
 The ice has been     
gathered. Many          
icebergs have been    
shaved to nothing. And
with my trusty mining   
pickaxe, which already 
has all the best         

enchantments our      
current magic can      
offer, the Road to      
Zelgius will be           
completed in a matter  
of hours.                 
 I begin the road      
just outside of where 
spawn begins. Opening 
up my compass, I        
confirm the direction I
am to travel, and then 
begin the dig. Most of  
the road will indeed be

no more than a cold   
tunnel, even though    
the chosen elevation  
is one that is more     
empty than most         
others. With a little     
math, assuming sixty    
percent will have to    
be dug through and    
given that the width    
and height would be 2 
and 6 blocks, I will      
have to mine about 67 
stacks of rock.         

 Moth once told me    
that this world would   
be our group's          
forever world. Not     
only will this road      
connect Zelgius to the
rest of us and make   
me his ally, it will be    
practice for the        
dozens of roads we   
may have in the         
future. You see, I      
want this world to be  
our best and longest-

lasting, and I hope     
that these roads I will 
make will keep people  
around.                   
 With my pickaxe in     
hand, I now begin the  
trail to the Hermit.      
This is going to take a 
lonnnng time.             
                            
Chapter 7:                
 I could spend         
another 64 emeralds  
buying two more         

silk touch diamond      
pickaxes, but I have   
instead decided to      
construct only half of
an ice road. That's all 
you need anyways.     
 But there's a lot to  
go through no matter  
how you slice it. So     
far, I have built a      
road 1000 blocks       
long. With just over    
200 to go, I have       
travelled through      

just a few different   
biomes. Presently, I'm  
in one of basalt, which 
is far tougher than    
netherrack and         
therefore more         
annoying. It matters    
not. I am nearly there.
 Running short on ice,
I've decided to take    
the frugality a step    
further and place      
only every other       
piece. This makes it no 

more dangerous to a  
boat rider or someone
on foot. It does look   
like it, though.            
 Hitting 1200 blocks, I 
am finally out of that  
blasted basalt.          
Instead, I find myself  
in the midst of a        
nether fortress. That 
lucky hermit, Zelgius   
placed his portal right
by one. And I thought  
I was lucky! I also      

immediately found a     
fortress upon my      
initial entrance into    
the Nether, only this   
one was a few           
hundred blocks away  
and on the other side 
of a gaping sea of     
lava.                       
 For whatever          
reason, I decided to   
go to 1300 blocks.      
This was the estimate  
I'd had                    

on where Zelgius       
probably was. Once    
the road was            
complete, I took a little
tour through the       
fortress, and           
immediately found a     
sign. On it was written, 
''This way to porta''.    
Convenient. And with    
this, it only confirmed  
what I already knew. I 
was mere blocks away 
from his portal. It was 

not long now.            
 Following the hall     
down to a second sign,
I found myself looking 
down at my road. I had
accidentally dug        
through a staircase   
of his. After fixing it, I
continued down.         
 And that is when I    
saw it. Zelgius' portal,  
the last step to take. I
knew what I was         
looking for on the      

other side. I'd seen it  
in photos: a straight   
path cutting through a
quiet forest to a       
stone building with a   
pleasant balcony.       
 I couldn't wait. I       
stepped through the   
portal back into the    
overworld. In front of
me was a humble farm  
and a house made of  
wood. It was also       
during a storm, and    

funnily enough, the     
wood house was         
immediately struck by  
lightning. I'm glad the   
rain put it out. I don't  
know if Zelgius would   
believe me.               
 Following down the    
path, I was met with     
the very place I'd      
been searching for    
for so long. There it   
was: The House of the 
Hermit.                     

 I'd done it. I marked  
the coordinates at     
10,300 lat. -100 lon.,   
and spent no time       
heading back to write  
all about it. After so   
many weeks of           
planning and             
preparing, I had        
completed what was my
first objective in this 
world.                     
 I don't know if         
Zelgius will approve    

of the road I've built  
to his place. It's not   
entirely unlikely that   
he'll want to move,      
just like Fruit did. But 
at the end of the day, 
I hope he knows that  
it was worth it to look  
for him, and worth it   
to find him.               
 And now, I must rest. 
There is so much more
to do, and I don't want 
to miss a thing.          

                            
        The End          
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
Special thanks to Moth 
for opening the         
Nether and pointing    
out an iceberg. -Vell   

